NDS to NCSF
By Naram Qashat (CyberBotX) [cyberbotx@cyberbotx.com]

NDS to NCSF will take the incoming file and create a series of NCSF files. If
there is only a single SSEQ within the entire ROM, then there will be a single
NCSF file. Otherwise, there will be an NCSFLIB and multiple MININCSFs.

Usage:
  NDStoNCSF.exe (-h | --help)
  NDStoNCSF.exe (-V | --version)
  NDStoNCSF.exe -s SMAP INPUT
  NDStoNCSF.exe [-anrD [-v | -vv] -t TIME -l FADE -o FADE -x EXCLUDE...
                -i INCLUDE... -S SMAP -d DIRECTORY] INPUT

Options:
  -h, --help                   Show help message.
  -V, --version                Show version.
  -s, --create-smap SMAP       Creates an SMAP-like file that can later be used
                               with the --use-smap/-S option.
  -a, --auto                   Fully automatic mode (disables interactive
                               mode).
  -n, --nocopy                 Do not check for previous files in the
                               destination directory.
  -r, --replay-gain            Calculate ReplayGain for all tracks, treating
                               them as a single album. Cannot be used if timing
                               is disabled.
  -D, --dont-strip             Don't strip the final SDAT.
  -v, -vv                      Verbosity level.
  -t, --time TIME              Calculate time on each track to the number of
                               loops given, 0 will disable timing. [default: 2]
  -l, --fade-loop FADE         Set the fade time for looping tracks, in
                               seconds. [default: 10]
  -o, --fade-one-shot FADE     Set the fade time for one-shot tracks, in
                               seconds. [default: 1]
  -x, --exclude EXCLUDE        Exclude the given filename from the final SDAT,
                               may use * and ? wildcards.
  -i, --include INCLUDE        Include the given filename in the final SDAT,
                               may use * and ? wildcards.
  -S, --use-smap SMAP          Uses the given SMAP-like file to determine what
                               files to include/exclude.
  -d, --destination DIRECTORY  Destination directory for the generated files.

A verbosity level of 1 will output the NCSFs created. A verbosity level of 2
will also output duplicates found during the SDAT stripping step.

Excluded and included files will be processed in the order they are given on
the command line, later arguments overriding earlier arguments. If there is
more than 1 SDAT contained within the NDS ROM, you can exclude or include based
on the SDAT by prefixing the filename with the SDAT number (1-based) and a
forward slash. For example, if the NDS ROM has 2 SDATs and both contain a file
called XYZ, but you only want XYZ from the 2nd SDAT, use 1/XYZ as an exclude.
Wildcards before the forward slash are also accepted.

If --auto or -a are not given, the program will run in interactive mode, asking
to confirm which sequences to keep. (NOTE: Even in interactive mode, files
which were excluded or included on the command line will still be automatically
set as such.)

The --create-smap or -s and --use-smap or -S options are meant to be used in
tandem. Using --create-smap or -s will generate a specialized SMAP file. Lines
in this file starting with a '#' symbol are considered comments. Files can be
excluded by commenting the line out. Once that has been done, the SMAP file can
be used with --use-smap or -S. The SMAP file is created relative to the output
directory. NOTE: The short forms of the options are case-sensitive, so -s is not
the same as -S. Command line exclusions and inclusions, as well as automatic
mode, are not allowed when these options are used.

If --nocopy or -n are not given, the program will use information from a
previous run of NDS to NCSF, if any exists. This will set files that were not
in the previous run's SDAT as being excluded by default and it will also
attempt to copy tags from the previous files. (NOTE: This may not work if the
original SDAT did not contain a symbol record, mainly because filename matching
cannot be done.)

Timing uses code based on the Pokémon Diamond decompilation by pret, as well as
some minor code from DeSmuME for pseudo-playback.
